[singing voice] Aniplex.
[Mayumi] To celebrate
Miyuki Shiba's win
in Mirage Bat,
and First High School's
overall victory,
raise a glass!
Job well done.
all: First High!
[indistinct chatter]
[Erika exhales]
The tournament is coming
to a close after tonight, huh?
There's one match left, right?
I'm sure team Juumonji
will win Monolith Code tomorrow.
So, um, I don't see Tatsuya.
[giggles]
Oh,
he's already called it a night.
He was too exhausted to party.
It makes sense.
He was injured, after all.
Really, who could blame him?
[gasps]
I see.
Should have guessed.
[Honoka] Honestly, he's been
coming through
for us all this time.
[Haruka] Just the map data
will do, right?
[Tatsuya] If you know
who their members are,
could I have that data as well?
[grunts]
[exhales]
[magical ringing]
[gasps]
Is it not enough for you?
[exhales]
No, that'll do.
[beeping]
[car door opens]
[Tatsuya] Thank you, Miss Ono.
[exhales]
This is a backup plan?
That's right.
Just in case.
[car door closes.
Hmm.
[electric engine whirring]
[grunts]
Who was that in the car?
An operative from public safety.
Although she's
insisted repeatedly
that she's simply a counselor.
[giggles]
So I'm guessing she's a part
time operative, then, right?
In terms of talent,
I don't think there's an issue.
For top secret missions,
the one more likely to go
by the book
is a semi‐professional rather
than a jaded veteran.
[Tatsuya] It's safer
to have them do side jobs.
Besides,
it may be unethical,
but she was more than eager
to help.
After all,
money makes the world go 'round.
[gasps]
[Kyouko] Maybe I should start
charging you as well.
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
It's an honor to welcome you.
What brings you here,
Your Excellency Kudou?
It's simple.
I've become terribly curious
about the boy.
The boy?
Who do you mean?
[Retsu] Your subordinate
Tatsuya Shiba.
The child you plucked
from the Yotsubas
three years ago.
He's Miya Shiba's son.
Surely it should come
as no surprise
that I would know about him.
Even if only temporarily,
Miya and his and Maya
were both students of mine.
In that case,
you should be well aware.
His clan still
has not released Tatsuya
from their familial claim.
[Retsu] Don't you consider that
a waste?
What do you mean by waste?
[Retsu] Along with Masaki,
scion of the Ichijou clan,
Tatsuya could become
a leading asset
in our country's magical forces.
Wouldn't you agree that it's
a waste of potential
to consign such
an elite talent as his
to private bodyguard duties,
hmm?
[Harunobu] Your Excellency,
pardon my bluntness,
but do you wish to weaken
the Yotsubas?
At this rate,
their clan will become
too powerful.
[Retsu] Unless measures
are taken to curtail them,
they might surpass
the Ten Master Clans altogether.
Solely in terms
of their combat power,
You are correct.
The Yotsuba family is head
and shoulders above
the country's
other master clans.
I fear I can't allow that.
[Retsu] The Yotsubas think
of themselves as weapons.
Their members embrace that role.
And although it's true
that magicians
were originally cultivated
as living weapons,
they will eventually be ejected
from the world of mankind.
Your Honor,
just as you are aware
of the 101st situation,
I, too, possess some knowledge
of the circumstances facing
the Kudou family.
[Harunobu] As a matter of fact,
I suspect I even know
the reason why you're
so concerned about Tatsuya.
[car approaching]
That future is already here.
Tatsuya's thoroughly proven
to be an invaluable asset
to our national defense force.
Compared to Ichijou,
he's a superior military asset.
Maybe it sounds like favoritism.
Nonetheless,
I truly do believe that.
In terms of point defense,
the Crimson Prince on his own
can become the equivalent
of an armored regiment.
However,
on his own,
Tatsuya is as valuable to us
as a strategic missile.
His spells are tactical threats
which have been
rightfully restricted
behind layers of safety locks.
It would be cruel to leave
that young man to take on
the responsibility
of controlling his magic alone.
[Man] What in the world were
Japan Special Forces doing
at the NSC?
It doesn't matter.
Our top priority right now
should be
to get rid of that brat.
[Man 2] Tatsuya Shiba,
was it?
He came out of nowhere.
Who is this guy?
[Man 3] No clue.
We can't find anything about
his background.
No family history
so nobody we can threaten.
As for his personal data,
we didn't get any hits.
[groans]
Who in the world
is this random punk?
[magical beeping]
[groans]
[both gasping]
[flame whipping]
[all gasping]
[phone ringing]
[gasps]
Hmm.
[phone ringing]
[ringing continues]
[both gasping]
Huh?
[ringing continues]
[groans]
[grunts]
[ringing continues]
[ringing]
[beeps]
[Tatsuya] No Head Dragon.
‐ Oh!
‐ [Tatsuya] Good evening.
I have reached
the East Japan Branch, yes?
[Man] Who is this?
We met at Fuji, remember?
[Tatsuya] I thought I'd stop by
to say hello.
[rumbling]
[gasps]
Ah!
[magical whooshing]
[gasping]
[grunting]
[Man grunts]
Find him!
Number 14, where is he?
[gasping]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[glass shattering]
[screaming]
[gasps]
16!
14!
Get him!
[Man 4] Impossible.
We can't reach him.
Don't just stand there!
Kill him!
[Tatsuya] Aww,
give me a little credit.
[grunting]
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] Instead of ordering
your tools around,
why don't you try
doing it yourself?
[gasps]
[grunts]
‐ [Tatsuya] Forget it.
‐ [gasps]
[Tatsuya] Right now
I'm the only one
you can communicate
from with inside that room.
He's gotta be lying!
Don't listen to him!
[whooshing]
[gasping]
[Tatsuya] I merged radio waves.
How exactly I accomplished that
is no concern of yours, though.
[gasps]
[screams]
[whooshes]
[Tatsuya] Let's get started.
[Man 2] What do you mean?
Wait, hold on a second!
[Tatsuya] What
am I holding on for?
Uh, we have no intention
of interfering
with the Nine Schools
Competition any further.
[Tatsuya] The NSC
will be finished tomorrow.
[Douglas] It's not just NSC!
The No Head Dragons
will withdraw
from all of Japan entirely!
[Tatsuya] And do you personally
have the authority
to promise me such a thing,
Douglas Huang?
[gasps]
Trust me!
I'm the boss's advisor!
He always listens
to what I tell him to do!
[Tatsuya] If you truly have
as much influence
as you claim you do,
then undoubtedly you've met
the boss face to face, correct?
[Douglas] I've been granted
an audience with him, yes.
Then tell me your boss's name.
[whimpering]
[whooshing]
[groans]
Oh, no!
James!
[Tatsuya] Ah, how tragic.
‐ So that was James Zhu, huh?
‐ [gasping]
[Tatsuya] Would you like
to be next?
‐ Well, Douglas Huang?
‐ [Douglas] Just a moment!
[whimpering]
The boss's real name is...
His name is Richard Sun.
And his public persona?
[gasping]
[Richard] Gongming Sun.
[Tatsuya] Thank you
for your help.
Of course.
Now do you believe me?
[Tatsuya] Yes.
Now I know without a doubt
you're an advisor
to Richard Sun,
boss of the No Head Dragon
syndicate.
[gasps]
[Richard gasps]
Why did you do that?
It's not like we killed anybody,
okay?
We didn't go so far as to take
their lives, remember?
I couldn't care less
how many people you killed
or how many you've let live.
Honestly, it's all the same
to me.
Your gang has incurred my fury.
That's enough.
I'm more than convinced
you deserve to die.
That's demonic.
[Tatsuya] I was only unable
to unleash this demonic power
because of you.
Your henchmen drew out
the very last emotion left
inside my cold,
frozen heart.
Thanks, Douglas Huang.
[Kyouko] Designed as a weapon
of efficiency,
Tatsuya can experience
but one sentiment alone.
His only feelings
are those he harbors
for his younger sister.
[Douglas] Demonic power.
That spell you shot,
it's from three years ago
in Okinawa.
You're casting Demon Light!
[magical booming]
[Douglas screams]
[grunting]
[shouts]
[all shouting]
[Harunobu] Good work last night,
agents.
[Tatsuya] Thanks,
but I believe
I should be apologizing
for troubling you over
a personal matter.
Forgive me, sir.
No, it wasn't a personal matter,
Tatsuya.
I got attacked
by their generator.
Plus we were able
to obtain crucial combat data
last night as a result of it.
It's not often we observe
long range sniping magic
that's accurate from such
an extreme distance.
[Harunobu] Also, internal
affairs and public safety
were both more than happy
about last night's spoils.
And as long as the mission
has been fulfilled,
there's no need to worry about
the personal component.
It was merely intel
on the crime syndicate leader.
Why is that news so valuable?
The No Head Dragon gang makes
its money by supplying
sorcery boosters.
[Tatsuya] Sorcery boosters, huh?
The magic amplifying devices
that have spread throughout
shady underbellies
the past couple of years?
Exactly.
They shouldn't be permitted
to exist in this world.
[Shigeru] Do you have
any idea what
a booster's core component is?
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] No.
[Shigeru] A human brain.
That's what.
To be specific,
a magician's extracted cerebrum.
We may be an experimental unit
that wields magic offensively
and yes, our mission
is to integrate magicians into
the military system...
But we would never use magicians
as literal components.
That's a foul practice.
Neither the production
nor use of sorcery boosters
can ever be tolerated.
[Harunobu] Even when setting
our emotions aside,
a booster that could expand
a magician's capacity
would be a military threat
as well.
The USNA agrees
with Japan about that.
They even sought
internal affairs cooperation.
Mibu asked me to give you
his thanks, Tatsuya.
No need.
I'm very happy
to be of assistance.
[siren blaring]
[all gasping]
Let's conclude here.
Sorry to keep you from the fun.
[Harunobu] Go watch the final
in the stands.
[Mayumi] I've received word
from the Ten Master Clans.
What'd they say?
They wanted to talk about
how Tatsuya
defeated Masaki Ichijou
two days ago.
Go on.
As far as magicians go,
the Ten Master Clans
reign supreme in this country.
Even when it's simply high
school students playing a game,
they frankly won't allow
any result
that could threaten
to undermine the prestige
of the Ten Master Clans.
‐ [Mayumi] You follow me?
‐ [grunts]
So, put another way,
they'd prefer a charade
that flaunts the superiority
of the Ten Master Clans.
Would that be fair to say?
Seriously,
this is so absurd.
If Tatsuya belonged
to the Ten Master Clan
family tree,
even if it was just a branch,
he wouldn't be subjected
to this ridiculous
third‐rate farce.
[exhales]
[Katsuto] I'll take care of it.
The Juumonji clan spell.
[Miyuki] Phalanx.
[booming]
[all gasping]
[grunts]
[all grunting]
[magical whirring]
[gasps]
[groans]
[shouts]
[cheers and applause]
[siren blaring]
Oh, Juumonji
is beyond incredible!
Yeah,
but his last attack was...
I don't believe that's how
he would normally use
the Phalanx maneuver.
[Tatsuya] The genuine version
of it should be
a much more terrifying spell.
I can't help but think so.
[Man] The final match has ended
and thus concludes
the National Magic High school
Goodwill Magic Games...
[Taku Iwasaki's
"Vespertine Bloom"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Woman] ♪♪ Dance with me through
the night ♪♪
♪♪ Take me to another world ♪♪
♪♪ If I could give you
the stars ♪♪
♪♪ I'd gather them inside
my heart ♪♪
[Tatsuya] That long ceremony
eventually drew to a close
but it's not over yet.
[Woman] ♪♪ Dance with me through
the night ♪♪
‐ ♪♪ To the ends of the Earth ♪♪
‐ [giggles]
[all gasping]
[Woman] ♪♪ We live on ♪♪
It's been two days,
right Masaki Ichijou?
Yes, Tatsuya Shiba.
[Tatsuya] So how's your hearing?
Oh, nothing to worry about,
and you have no right
to worry about me anyway.
‐ [groans]
‐ [Tatsuya] Suppose so.
Huh?
[gasps]
What?
Oh, uh...
[Masaki] Wait a minute.
Shiba,
are you two brother and sister?
You honestly never noticed that
until now?
[giggles]
Hey, what's the matter?
You don't think he
and I look like siblings?
How could you miss
the family resemblance?
No!
I mean, yeah.
‐ My bad.
‐ [giggles]
You'll be in the way
if you plant yourself
there forever.
‐ Miyuki.
‐ [gasps]
You should go
and dance with Ichijou.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
[exhales]
[Woman] ♪♪ Where would I be
without you ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
[exhales]
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [Honoka] Excuse me.
Tatsuya?
Yeah?
What is it, Honoka?
Well, I was just wondering...
[gasps]
[whimpers]
‐ Huh?
‐ [Erika] Pardon me, sir.
This is exactly the kind
of moment where the man
is supposed to take the lead.
[exhales]
[Erika] You all right, sir?
If I may,
there's no need
to ponder the question
for such a long time.
[Tatsuya] Honoka.
Yeah?
Dance with me?
[giggles]
I'd love to!
[Woman] ♪♪ Mermaids
deliver wishes ♪♪
♪♪ Of the seeds ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Dance in
the vespertine bloom ♪♪
♪♪ I'll save my breath
only for you ♪♪
♪♪ You touched my heart ♪♪
♪♪ Here in the vespertine ♪♪
♪♪ Vespertine bloom
[Tatsuya gasps]
Chairman.
[Katsuto] Shiba,
come with me for a second.
Listen.
You're in the Ten Master Clans,
right?
[gasps]
I'm not.
My family is nothing special.
Oh, really?
Then per the meeting
of the clans,
I advise you as the magician
who's serving as assistant head
of the Juumonji family...
[Katsuto] Shiba,
you ought to join
the Ten Master Clans.
[exhales]
Let's say for example,
how about Mayumi Saegusa?
[gasps]
Chairman,
what are you implying right now?
Are you suggesting that I
should take her as my bride?
[Katsuto] Yes.
Unlike you
and Chairwoman Saegusa,
I'm still only in high school.
Any real discussion of marriage
is still very far away.
[Katsuto] I see.
Yet,
you bested the Ichijou heir.
He's destined to become
the next leader
of the Ten Master Clans.
Your victory carries
far more weight
than you might think.
[gasps]
Just know you can't ruminate
about it for too long.
[gasps]
[Miyuki] Brother?
What did Juumonji
just pull you aside for?
It's nothing.
It doesn't matter.
[ELISA's "Millenario"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
[Miyuki] Sounds like
they just started the last song.
[Tatsuya] Oh, is that so?
[Miyuki] Brother,
I was wondering if you
would dance
the last dance with me.
[chuckles]
[Tatsuya] All right.
Then should we go back
to the hall?
[Miyuki] No.
I don't want to waste any time
we have together.
♪♪ ♪♪
[ELISA] ♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[giggles]
[chuckling]
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪